docs: document container security context in v1.6.6 (#3165)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/containers-run-as-non-root-user.md

## Configure containers controlled by CR

For containers controlled by Custom Resources (CRs), you can configure the security context at the Pod or container level. The supported fields vary by CR.

### Configure the Pod-level security context

> `podSecurityContext` applies to all containers in the generated Pod and controls Pod-level settings such as volume ownership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`podSecurityContext` defines Pod-level security settings, such as volume ownership, and provides default security settings for all containers in the generated Pod.
```

- For `TidbCluster` and `DMCluster`, configure `spec.<component>.securityContext`, such as `spec.pd.securityContext`, `spec.tidb.securityContext`, `spec.master.securityContext`, or `spec.worker.securityContext`. These CRs do not support cluster-level `spec.securityContext`.
- For `TidbDashboard`, configure `spec.securityContext`.
- For `TidbNGMonitoring`, configure `spec.ngMonitoring.securityContext`. Configuring top-level `spec.securityContext` has no effect on the generated container.
- For `TidbMonitor`, configure `securityContext` for each generated container. The supported paths include `spec.initializer.securityContext`, `spec.prometheus.securityContext`, `spec.grafana.securityContext`, `spec.reloader.securityContext`, `spec.prometheusReloader.securityContext`, `spec.thanos.securityContext`, and `spec.dm.initializer.securityContext`.

`TidbInitializer`, `Backup`, `BackupSchedule`, and `Restore` do not support container-level `securityContext`.

For the complete `ComponentSpec.securityContext` schema, refer to the [`ComponentSpec` API documentation](<https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/blob/{{{ .tidb_operator_version }}}/docs/api-references/docs.md#componentspec>).

> For example, the following configuration runs the PD container as a non-root user, sets the group ownership of its volumes, and prevents container processes from gaining more privileges than their parent processes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following configuration runs the PD container as a non-root user, sets the group ownership of volumes that support `fsGroup`, and prevents container processes from gaining more privileges than their parent processes:
```

```yaml
spec:
  pd:
    podSecurityContext:
      fsGroup: 2000
    securityContext:
      runAsNonRoot: true
      runAsUser: 1000
      runAsGroup: 2000
      allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
```

> **Note:**
>
> - Container-level settings apply only to container definitions generated from the corresponding field and override overlapping fields in the effective `podSecurityContext`.
> - Fields that affect Pod volumes, such as `fsGroup`, can only be configured in `podSecurityContext`.
> - Updating `securityContext` for a deployed component changes its Pod template and triggers a rolling update of the affected Pods.
> - To configure the TiDB slow-log tailer, TiKV log tailer, TiFlash log tailer, or TiFlash initializer separately, use `spec.tidb.slowLogTailer.securityContext`, `spec.tikv.logTailer.securityContext`, `spec.tiflash.logTailer.securityContext`, or `spec.tiflash.initializer.securityContext`.

> **Warning:**
>

> > `spec.tikv.privileged` and `spec.tiflash.privileged` are deprecated. Once you configure the corresponding component's `securityContext` object, even as an empty object, TiDB Operator ignores the legacy `privileged` field. If the container still needs privileged mode, explicitly configure `securityContext.privileged: true`; otherwise, the component might fail to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `spec.tikv.privileged` and `spec.tiflash.privileged` are deprecated. Once you configure the corresponding component's `securityContext` object, even as an empty object, TiDB Operator ignores the legacy `privileged` field. If the TiKV or TiFlash container still requires privileged mode, explicitly configure `spec.tikv.securityContext.privileged: true` or `spec.tiflash.securityContext.privileged: true`; otherwise, the component might fail to start.
```
